How to Sell an Affiliate Product to a Perfectly Targeted Audience
Many people will make money from affiliate products by finding a product they want to sell (often an ebook) and then placing the affiliate link for that product on a sales page. This is a straightforward business model, which is a big part of the appeal for many people.
But of course, just building the page isn’t enough though, because no one would be able to find it. 
The next question is how you are going to go about making sure people find your sales page and start to click the link and buy the products.
This is the hardest part if you’re new to digital marketing but there are some strategies that will simplify the process considerably.
First of all, I want you to consider your routes to market. This is a technique missed by most digital marketers but it is one of the most important.
A ‘route to market’ is essentially a direct access you have to your target demographic. So let’s say you have an ebook on martial arts you want to sell. In this case, your target audience is martial artists and people who want to learn self-defence.
A ‘route to market’ is any way you have of reaching that audience.
What I want you to do that is a little different, is to think about what routes to market that you already have. In fact, you should ideally do this before you choose your product as that way you can pick something that you already have options for in terms of selling.
For example then, if you are an active member of a martial arts forum and you are the webmaster for your club’s highly popular martial arts website… then you have two routes to market already available to you that cater to martial artists. So, it would be a smart move to pick an affiliate product in this niche and then simply paste the link in the forum and on the site.
Or perhaps you’re best friends with the owner of a website about gardening? Or a magazine editor?
Don’t choose a product and then struggle with how you’re going to promote it. Think about the promotional opportunities already at your disposal and then choose the appropriate product.
Ultimately, business normally comes down to solving a problem and then presenting that solution to the right audience.

