How to Sell Affiliate Products With Top Lists
Looking for an innovative way to sell more affiliate products? Then consider creating a “top list.”
A top list is of course a countdown of the best something. So this might mean the “Top 10 Irritating Things About Flying in a Plane” or it might mean “The Top 10 Laptops Packing an RTX 2080 GPU.”
These lists are ideal for SEO for selling affiliate products, and in this post we’re going to see why.
The Idea
As you may have already guessed, the idea behind this strategy will be to create a list of top products, with each one linking to an affiliate link. Alternatively, you might list services, online software, or anything else you can grab affiliate links for. If you are thinking right now that this won’t earn you as much money as promoting a digital product (seeing as digital products typically offer much higher commission), then keep in mind that you can circumvent this issue by selling things with very high ticket prices. That laptop example? Some of those gaming PCs will sell for $3,500 and above! Even 4% commission on that is still $140. That’s a lot more than you would get from an ebook.
Or how about selling an MBA course? Yep, you can do that through EDx (which has an affiliate program) and this could stand to earn you thousands of dollars for a single referral. Likewise, if you promote a service with a recurring fee, you could earn income indefinitely that grows over time.
Why It’s Perfect
The reason this works so well, is that it allows you to use SEO to find people with the ideal intent. Intent is what the person is hoping to achieve by searching for a phrase, and our hope is that they will be looking to buy something.
When someone searches for the top products in a certain category, that almost certainly means they are hoping to buy those products!
What’s more is that people enjoy top ten lists, and so does Google. This is especially true if you use rich snippets, or if you add a bulleted list near the top of your page. Do this, and you can get Google to show your list right in the SERPs along with an image. This massively increases CTR.
Of course, you also need to carefully research the right keyword. Do this though, and you will be set to go!
